Add explanation of point label parsing (#344)
NREL/BuildingMOTIF: docs/explanations/point-label-parsing.md

# Point Label Parsing

> One common source of building metadata are the "point labels" used in building management systems to label or tag the input/output points with some human-readable description.
> It is often useful to extract structured information from these labels to help with constructing a semantic model of the building.
> 
> BuildingMOTIF provides a framework for defining point label naming conventions and parsing them into structured data.
> The output of this process is a set of typed <a href="../reference/apidoc/_autosummary/buildingmotif.label_parsing.html#buildingmotif.label_parsing.Token">Token</a> objects which can be input into a "Semantic Graph Synthesis" process to generate a semantic model of the building.
> 
> This article describes the framework for defining point label parsing rules and provides examples of how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this explanation is to describe the framework for defining point label parsing rules and provide examples of how to use it.

One common source of building metadata are the "point labels" used in building management systems to label or tag the input and output data points with some human-readable description.
It is often useful to extract structured information from these labels to help with constructing a semantic model of the building.

BuildingMOTIF provides a framework for defining point label naming conventions and parsing them into structured data.
The output of this process is a set of typed <a href="../reference/apidoc/_autosummary/buildingmotif.label_parsing.html#buildingmotif.label_parsing.Token">Token</a> objects that can be input into a "Semantic Graph Synthesis" process to generate a semantic model of the building.
```

```{admonition} Semantic Graph Synthesis
This feature is coming soon! This label parsing framework is just part of the larger BuildingMOTIF toolkit for generating semantic models of buildings.
```

> ## Background on Parser Combinators
> 
> The point label parsing framework in BuildingMOTIF is based on the concept of "parser combinators".
> Parser combinators are a way of defining parsers by combining smaller parsers together.
> In BuildingMOTIF, the "combinators" are defined as Python functions which take a string as input and return a list of <a href="../reference/apidoc/_autosummary/buildingmotif.label_parsing.html#buildingmotif.label_parsing.TokenResult">TokenResult</a>s.
> These combinators can be combined together to create more complex parsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Background

The point label parsing framework in BuildingMOTIF is based on the concept of "parser combinators".
Parser combinators are a way of defining parsers by combining smaller parsers together.
In BuildingMOTIF, the "combinators" are defined as Python functions that take a string as input and return a list of <a href="../reference/apidoc/_autosummary/buildingmotif.label_parsing.html#buildingmotif.label_parsing.TokenResult">TokenResult</a>s.
These combinators can be combined together to create more complex parsers.
```

Here is a short example:

```python
def parse_ahu_label(label: str) -> List[TokenResult]:
    return sequence(
        string("AHU", Constant(BRICK.Air_Handling_Unit)),
        string("-", Delimiter),
        regex(r"\d+", Identifier)
    )(label)
```

> This defines a parser which matches strings like "AHU-1" or "AHU-237" and returns a list of `Token`s.
> The `sequence` combinator combines the three parsers together, and the `string` and `regex` combinators match specific strings or regular expressions.
> 
> Using parser combinators in this way allows you to define complex parsing rules in a concise and readable way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This defines a parser that matches strings like "AHU-1" or "AHU-237" and returns a list of `Token`s.
The `sequence` combinator combines the three parsers together, and the `string` and `regex` combinators match specific strings or regular expressions.
Using parser combinators in this way allows you to define complex parsing rules in a concise and readable way.
```

The example output of the `parse_ahu_label` function might look like this:

```python
parse_ahu_label("AHU-1")
# [TokenResult(value='AHU', token=Constant(value=rdflib.term.URIRef('https://brickschema.org/schema/Brick#Air_Handling_Unit')), length=3, error=None, id=None), 
# TokenResult(value='-', token=Delimiter(value='-'), length=1, error=None, id=None),
# TokenResult(value='1', token=Identifier(value='1'), length=1, error=None, id=None)]

parse_ahu_label("AH-1")
# [TokenResult(value=None, token=Null(value=None), length=0, error='Expected AHU, got AH-', id=None)]
```

> ## BuildingMOTIF Parser Combinators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Parser Combinators
```

The `buildingmotif.label_parsing.combinators` module provides a set of parser combinators for defining point label parsing rules.
Here are some of the most commonly used combinators:

- `string`: Matches a specific string and returns a `Token` with a constant value.
- `regex`: Matches a regular expression and returns a `Token` with the matched value.
- `choice`: Matches one of a list of parsers. Uses the first one that matches.
- `sequence`: Matches a sequence of parsers and returns a list of `Token`s.
- `constant`: Returns a `Token` with a constant value. Does not consume any input.
- `many`: Matches zero or more occurrences of a parser.
- `maybe`: Matches zero or one occurrence of a parser.
- `until`: Matches a parser until another parser is matched.

### Defining New Combinators

These are all just Python functions, so you can define your own combinators as needed.

```python
delimiters = regex(r"[._:/\- ]", Delimiter)
identifier = regex(r"[a-zA-Z0-9]+", Identifier)
named_equip = sequence(equip_abbreviations, maybe(delimiters), identifier)
named_point = sequence(point_abbreviations, maybe(delimiters), identifier)
```

> More generally, a combinator is any function which takes a string as input and returns a list of `TokenResult`s.
> The methods above (`regex`, `sequence`, `delimiters`) are functions which *return* a combinator as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More generally, a combinator is any function tha ttakes a string as input and returns a list of `TokenResult`s.
The methods above (`regex`, `sequence`, `delimiters`) are functions that *return* a combinator as an argument.
```
